hey guys wake here from the fishing
adventures and today we're playing
Cabela's deer hunt 2005 season I'm not I
thought it was about time I made another
video and I just got this game uh I
don't know it what kind fine so we can
you quit hums um you're probably here
easy punt ah let's go
car
I like going in fall it's my favorite
time she gonna see him all right
school early I don't know it's easier
Todd real quick um today's been a long
day also that's kind of the reason I
made this video just to talk about my
day
ah so I was planning on making a honking
video but then I got a text message this
morning saying um from one of my
neighbors that they shot a year and
right now and they're yeah 11 it's a bow
season so I'm like oh cool you shot it
with a boat right and he's like nope I
shot it with my 22 and that's just when
I'm like what the heck is going on so um
I wasn't going to go with weather and
weather it's not his real name that's
just the nickname he's is on the camera
um but yeah I was getting go with one my
neighbors um
and I texted him and he's like yeah they
called me about it earlier today too
they shot six-point buck with the 22 we
all cheered oh um we just heard him
unloading on it
and so uh we talked about it and my
neighbor I was like you know what it's
just not right
so he thought the best idea was to call
the DNR and that's what we did so we
called the DNR they didn't
and yeah they uh the person who shot the
deer admitted to a showdown where they
hid the carcass they hid the carcass
they only um took the loins out of the
year and then they just threw the rest
of it away it's like what a waste but
they got the deer they took his 22 from
him and perfect world but I don't know
it's just the worst thing you can do
shoot
yeah I'm kind of new but this scheme um
but uh the guy from the you know I said
yo costume on let us know how everything
uh but it looked like it went okay it's
just a long did it was a six-point blood
so I don't think it was worth shooting
but on your poacher out there don't do
that that's just the worst thing you can
do um what I heard it is they're getting
fined $2,000 so it's kind of worth just
waiting it's kind of worth just waiting
for the season getting your license in
getting the tag instead of having to pay
$2,000 for just what a couple pieces of
meat
Phegley but that's just what happened
today
um but now I'll just talk about again
so my breath saw actually so all the
deer just right over there and I flipped
my truck so I'm going are my truck is
maybe he'll figure and he said
kind of help but not a lot because my
right eye can't run that long
I mean it's cool that like you guys can
only run for so long it's time realistic
but not really because you guys can only
run ten feet before you're getting like
really worn out and this is an easy
can't imagine what it's like I'm hard
my god still
shit